V0.3.15:
    note save compatible with any previous version
    fixes
        reduced the odds of random policy's causing crashes after a lord dies.
        fixed a issue with 'lord2' from the relation controller
    new
        added a setting for changing the max number of S-mods on a lords ship.
        added a setting that automatically increases this value by 5 if you have progressive S mods installed (default: on)
        (thanks to (forum)Erlkönig / (discord)Zeilon depending on location for the following:)
            added support for custom S-mods on starlords.
            (second in command) added support for custom executive officers being set to a given starlord.
            (second in command) made starlords always have at least 3 max level executive officers
            made automated ships spawn with AI-cores as officers.
V0.3.14:
    fixed a issue were a lord being dead well a policy is attempted to effect them could cause a crash.
    (hopefully) fixed a issue were a lord could still be on campaign, when the campaign was over.
    (thanks to (forum)Erlkönig / (discord)Zeilon depending on location for the following:)
        added support for having lords with custom skill sets.
V0.3.13:
    (life and death system) fixed starlords relationship data getting mass deleted whenever a starlord died. (I wish I was joking, im so sorry)
V0.3.12:
    added some mod settings that allow you to view a lords stats / contact a given starlord in the lords intel tab
    improved some logs for easier debugging
V0.3.11:
    fixed a rare crash do to a lords target being null, somehow.
    fixed a issue were one could get a out of bound data from adding more then 24 factions mid game why would you do that you crazy person?
    fixed a issue with lords not being released / forgetting about when they were removed and holding captives / being captive.
V0.3.10:
    fixed a rare crash were a lords prisoners would be null.
    fixed a crash were a lord that was involved in politics in your own faction died.
    ???? maybe fixed a issue were a relationship change could cause a crash ???
    fixed a issue with 'findNearestMarket', that caused a crash for every crash it was built to fix. sorry about that.
    improved the games ability to actually remove a starlord from the games data.
V0.3.9:
    (hopefully) fixed a issue were a starlord with no faction will attempt to collect takes from nothing, crashing the game
V0.3.8:
    (hopefully) fixed a few issues related to a lord trying to get a rally point in a system without planets (and maybe a few other issues. hopefully.)
V0.3.7:
    note: this -should- be save compatible. but who knows? I don't, that's for sure.
    new:
        added a setting in the one new game lord generator that caps the max number of lords generated at game start.
            -this is enabled by default. the default value is 1k starlords.
    fixes:
        (hopefully) fixed starlords being able/unable to attack / invaded worlds and factions they should not/should have been able to.
        (hopefully) fixed starlords being able to decalre war / make peace with factions they should not have had the capacity to do so.
        (hopefully) fixed lords from minor factions (like pirates) from spawning with fiefs at new game (yes, it was a bug)
    internal:
        moved the location of the lord tag that dictates if a starlord is immortal over to the LordTags class.
        new functions:
            Utils.getNumMajorEnemiesForAttacks
            Utils.getNumMajorEnemiesForDiplomacy
            Utils.canBeAttacked
            Utils.canHaveRelations
            Utils.isMinorFaction
V0.3.6:
    randomly fixed a issue that could rarely happen when a faction was completely destroyed, and would cause crashes do to a lack of respawn points
V0.3.5:
    added a temp version file, because its really hard to tell whenever I ad a fix into my branch of starlords.
    fixes:
        fixed the java version of this mod to only require java 8. so hopefully that helps everyone?
